When I first started learning how to
create AI influencers, it took me
literally months to get to where I am
now. And I still have plenty of things
to learn myself. But the biggest problem
on the beginning was that I was
extremely overwhelmed.
>> I didn't know what to do. I didn't know
what model to use. I didn't know what
was Comfy UI. I didn't know what GPU I
need.
>> I didn't know how to train my model. I
didn't know what to do first. And since
I posted my last video, which got quite
the success, I've got tons of messages,
people asking me these questions like,
"How do I start? What is a Laura model?
Do I need a Laura model? Do I need to
learn comfy? How to do all of this? I
don't know what to do first." And these
problems are literally the same thing I
had on the beginning. So, I have decided
to put all of my knowledge into this
whiteboard. I have decided to structure
it step by step so I can tell you
everything I know so you get the whole
idea and you know exactly what is it.
You know exactly which model to use and
you know exactly how to start. So before
we start I want to give a disclaimer
that this video will not focus on the
marketing side of your AI influencers.
This video will focus on all of these
things on the creation of an AI model
and marketing video will be created in
the future. So why should you even
listen to me, right? Uh if we look at
these images, they look quite realistic.
If you look at the skin texture, it
looks extremely detailed. It looks
realistic. And the reason why I am able
to achieve such results and I am not
achieving these results which do not
look real at all is all of the things
I'm going to teach you. I'm not going to
gatekeep anything. I will give you all
of the knowledge I have so you can
achieve these results. So let's get over
the structure of this video. First we
are going to learn some basics. What
even is an AI influencer? Why you should
create one. Then we are going to go over
the requirements. If you need a GPU, you
don't need a GPU. What even is an image
model? How does it work? Do you need to
understand the math and the process of
how to start? Then I'm going to tell you
all about the environments, all about
the models. Then I'm going to tell you
about Comfy UI, which is a software that
you need to learn to use all of these
models. Then I'm going to talk about the
models itself. And step number eight is
the biggest problems of most people and
it's achieving consistent phase. There
are many methods and we will also cover
the best possible method which is a lot
of training. I'm going to literally
explain everything in total detail so
you understand it even if you are
mentally [__] because that's the
type of videos I want to do. We are
going to cover the data set, the
training tools, how to use it. Then we
are going to cover some prompting not
safe for work images which are also
important if you want to use only fans
and then we are going to look at video
generation and best realism methods. The
purpose of this video is not to go on
extreme detail in every possible
category because this video would have
to have 50 hours if I wanted to do that.
The purpose of this video is to give you
the context between all of these things,
between models, trainings, what even is
it, how to use it. So when you actually
decide to learn and decide to create
your AI influencer, you are not
overwhelmed, you know exactly what to
learn and you know exactly how to start.
Also, the purpose of this video is when
I get a message on Discord of someone
asking me, "Okay, Philip, the air table
and all of this, it's cool, but how do I
start? what do I need to train a model
or stuff like that? I can send them this
video so they know all of the things
that are and they can focus on the one
thing they want to learn today. Because
the thing is you cannot learn anything
that you don't know that it exists. You
know, you cannot learn data set creation
for Laura models if you don't even know
that it exists. So in this video I will
show you everything that exists and I
will give it into context so you can
actually start learning and start
practicing. The first part of the video
might be a bit boring but it is
extremely essential because if you want
to build a rocket ship you have to know
the basic physics right if you don't
know how to calculate a velocity of a
vehicle for example you cannot build a
rocket ship. And this is the same with
AI models. If you don't know the basics,
you cannot go into the advanced stuff.
So, this video will not be some hyper
stimulating editing retention stuff. It
will give you everything you need so you
know exactly what to do and you are not
overwhelmed. So, let's get started.
Number one, basics. By the way, if you
want to get the most knowledge from your
AI influencer journey, join our discord
which is in the description which is
completely for free and we have our own
custom models. We have free resources
such as prompt generators and also there
are free workflows that are ready to
use, ready to input to confi and you do
not have to set up anything yourself.
What even is an AI influencer? Why you
should care? Why you should create one
and how to monetize them. Well, it is
pretty simple. It's not going to take a
lot of time. AI influencer is a set of
images or set of videos, an online
personality that you can post on social
media and then you can monetize them. So
if you create a beautiful girl then you
can create an only fans or fan view and
then horny people on the internet will
pay you money. So if you create a good
AI influencer that people won't be able
to determine that it is AI you are going
to get a pretty good chance of people
paying you money. I also believe that AI
influencers are the future of social
media Instagram and Tik Tok because they
are going to cooperate with brands like
Edidas Nike or stuff like that. So now
we have that out of our way. we can
focus on the important stuff. So you
just discovered AI influencers and you
have no knowledge at all. So what do you
need? Do you need a good GPU? Do you
need a do you need to rent a GPU? Can
you run it locally on your computer or
what is it? Well, most of the image
models that we are going to get into in
the part number three are pretty
computational heavy. So, if you don't
have a good graphics card, for example,
a good graphics card for 2day video
models is going to cost you $10,000,
then it's a pretty good idea to rent a
GPU online because you have two options.
Like, if you have a really expensive and
good computer, fine, you don't have to
rent a GPU. But if you don't want to
wait 2 hours to generate one image, it's
a good idea to rent a GPU online. We are
going to go into detail on all of the
platforms later. So, don't worry if you
don't have a GPU. You don't have to pay
$10,000. You can just pay like $1 an
hour and you can rent a GPU online and
you can host all of the models there.
So, you do not need a good GPU.
Part number three, how does it work?
What even is an image model? Well, if
you want to understand what is an image
model, think of it like this. There were
some computer scientists and they took
billions and billions of images and they
captioned all of these images. So they
took pictures of cats and say this is a
cat, this is a cat, this is a cat, this
is a dog, this is a tree and then they
converted everything into computer
language. They used some machine
learning techniques and they were able
to create a model where if you type a
image of a cat, you will get something
like this. When you type image of a
tree, you will get something like this.
And do you need to understand the
machine learning math behind it?
Definitely not. I don't understand it. I
have absolutely no idea how the math
works and I'm using it. And if you want
to know the process in more detail, it's
quite simple. There is a noise image.
There is a predicted noise based on the
prompt you have inputed. and the image
models the very smart computational
model starts dinoising the images until
you get an image of a cat. So these are
image models in a nutshell. It's kind of
important that I said that because we
are going to need that knowledge later.
So what is the process and how to start?
Well, in ideal world, you would want to
create a reference image. Then you are
able to create a data set. Then you can
train your model. Then you generate
images, you generate videos, you
generate not safe for work images and
you just start posting. It's seems kind
of easy, right? Well, in reality is that
you try to set up conf, you get some
errors, you input them to check GPT and
after a week of pain of installing
custom nodes, of installing the models,
you get your first images. But the
problem is that you are a complete
beginner and the image looks fake as
[__] So you go to our Discord, you ask
questions, you learn, try test, and you
fail. And you fail over and over and
over again until you get the hang of it.
So the goal of this video is to go from
this to this. So how do we do that?
Well, I recommend you watch the entire
video. You follow all the steps I'm
talking about. You are you are going to
try everything yourself. So when I'm
going to talk about setting a setting up
comi, when I'm going to talk about
renting a GPU, you are going to try that
yourself because if you just watch the
video, you are never going to be able to
learn it. And don't expect that it will
be smooth and flawless.
The process will be painful because if
you have never done anything like this,
you are going to have a lot of errors,
lot of problems, a lot of dependency
problems. So you try it, you fail it and
you repeat you input everything into
chat GPT and after a few weeks you can
get a good hang of it. So now we are
getting to the start. So step number one
is to decide what environment are you
going to use. Do you have an extremely
powerful computer and you are going to
run everything locally or you have a
[__] computer like me? So you are going
to run everything on a rented graphics
card also. Then you have to decide if
you are going to use local models that
you can either use on your own computer
on the or on the rented GPU or you are
going to use API models. And now we have
to answer all of these questions. What
is an API model? What is a local model?
Who is an API provider and what is an
opensource model? Well, let's get
started with the API models. You see
that there are two types of models. Open
source model and API model. Also, there
are the useless models like Picasso and
open art that host some of the models
but we are not going to use them. So,
think of it like this. API model is a
model that is running on someone's
server. Imagine there is a Google server
and you send a message from your
computer to the Google server and you
tell him I want to generate an image of
a cat and then the Google server
processes it and sends it back to your
computer and you get the image. It is
not computational heavy for your
computer at all. All of the heavy
lifting happens on the Google server
and the best providers of these API
models is full.AI or wave speed. The
reason why you should use an API model
is that it's not computational heavy at
all. And also there are some image
models that are good for our use case
but they can only be used through API.
They cannot be used on your own
computer. So it's good to learn these
providers. So to recap that an API model
is a model that is running on a server
and you just send a prompt and the
server returns an image. And then there
are opensource models. Open source means
that all of the backend code that you do
not understand can be downloaded into
your own computer and it can be ran on
your own computer. So you do not need to
pay anyone. You do not need an internet
connection and you can just run it on
your own computer. And as I said before,
if you have a good computer, you can use
it on your own computer. And if you
don't have a good computer, you have to
use a cloud and you have to rent a good
computer. You have to rent a good GPU.
And there are two main providers of such
GPUs. There is a runpot which in my
opinion is easier to set up but is a bit
more expensive. And then there is
vast.ai
which is less expensive but it's more
complicated to set up. If you want to
learn how to use Ranpot, watch the video
in the description because I have a
20inut tutorial covering everything on
RunPOT so you can set it up yourself.
Also, if you use my referral link on
RunPOT, I'm going to get more money and
you are going to get more credits. So,
it is a win-win situation. So now when
we have covered the difference between
an API model and a local model, I have
some action steps for you because as I
said the best way to learn all of this
is to set it up yourself and to try it
yourself. So if you want to follow this
video, go to fall.ai or wavepeed.ai, put
some credits into there and try to use
some image models. It is the easiest
thing you can do. You do not have to set
up any dependencies. You don't have to
rent a GPU. You will just go to that
website. You will choose an image model.
You will input a prompt and the image
will get generated. And step number two
you can do is to try to set up a comfy
UI either locally on your own computer
or on a cloud GPU. So part number six is
a confi. What even is confi?
Comfy is a software that you can use to
run local opensource image models. It is
a software that looks somehow like this
and there you can input the prompt, you
can input the negative prompt and you
can load the models that are open source
that you have downloaded. And look, I'm
going to be honest with you, Confy UI is
quite a complicated stuff. like there is
a lot and a lot of things this image
that I have here that is a screenshot
from confi is like I don't know 2% of
what there actually is to learn so you
do not have to learn everything in confi
to use confi like you have to learn the
basics like you have to know like there
is a model you have to choose the model
there is a lura model that you can
choose there is like the prompt that you
can type but how all of these things
work like what is a sampler, what is a
latent image like it's good to know but
it's not essential. The most practical
thing that you can do is to set up comi
is to download some workflows from our
discord and try to use them. Try to set
them up, try to play around with that
stuff and you see what happens. So what
can be the practical use of confi? Well,
you have found some models on the
internet that are open source for
example one 2.2. So you will go to confi
and you can either create your own
workflow which I don't recommend because
there are smarter people than you or
than me and they have created the
workflows already. So you learn how to
input workflows into config UI. You
learn how to download custom nodes. You
learn how to download the workflows, how
to use them, how to download models and
you are going to run it. That's it. You
do not have to learn the details on how
to connect everything because it is
absolutely not necessary. And as I said,
you can either run it locally on your
own computer or on a cloud. And if you
want to learn Comfy UI in more detail in
the practical way that I have just
described, there is a video on my
channel covering just that. Okay. So now
you know what is an image model, how to
start, what is the process, what is
config, what is local model, what is API
model. So now you have to decide what
model are you going to use. There are
tons and tons of models. These are the
most used in the community and the
evolution of the models is quite simple.
Back in 2022 or I'm not sure what year
was that, there was stable diffusion
1.5. Then there was better stable
diffusion. Then there was flux and now
the main models we are using to generate
AI influencers is one Gwen or Cedream.
It is pretty much the three most used
models. If you want to generate videos,
the best models to try is either Clink,
one or C dance. If you want to do a
video to video to copy to copy some
dancing Tik Tok that you have found, you
use one animate. As I said, the purpose
of this video is not to show you how to
do everything because it would take 50
hours, but it is to give you the entire
overview and the context in between
things so you know what to do and what
to learn. If you want to imagine like
what even is an image model, just think
of it like this. Like there is an image
model called Gwen, right? And you can
think of it as a collection of millions
or billions of images that are puted
into computer language and that they are
somehow trained like that is all you
need to know. So now when you know the
differences you decide to generate some
images but you cannot get a consistent
face. Well, there are many methods that
you can do to achieve a consistent phase
and we will go from the easiest to the
hardest. The easiest thing that you can
do is to use image edit models aka
Cream. What you can do is that you input
a reference image and you type a prompt
like image of this girl sitting on a
chair and then you either get the same
person or a very very similar person and
then you can use that to create a data
set but we will talk about that later.
Step number two is that you can use face
swap but most of the online face swaps
are not actually good. Method number
three that you can use is a good
prompting. You can create a prompt which
will describe the girl itself. So if you
type a prompt an image of a 20-year-old
Eastern European blonde woman with high
cheekbones, sharp jawline and stuff like
that, you can get a quite similar faces.
And the last easiest method that you can
do is an image to video. If you have an
image of your girl and you want to have
more images that you can use to your
training data set, you can put it into a
video model and you say like that the
girl is turning around. Then she will
actually start turning around and you
will get multiple images of her. But of
course, the best and real method for the
best results is training your own Laura
model and that is the thing we are going
to be covering right now. So, what the
[__] even is aora? It is the demon that
everyone is scared of. The acronym means
low rank adaptation. And if you want to
understand the math behind it, you can
look at these pictures. But I have
absolutely no idea how the math works.
So, I'm going to explain it to you in
[__] terms. So imagine that there is
an image model and the image model is
trained on 10 million images, right? And
the image model contains also blonde
girls, but the model contains this
picture and it is an image of a blonde
girl. Then there is a different woman.
Then there is a different woman and
there is this different woman as well.
And all of these images are images of a
blonde girl. So Laura training is
basically that you take the entire image
model then you add like 20 or 50 images
depending on what model are you using.
You add the images of your girl that you
want to train the model on and then you
give her a keyword that probably wasn't
used in the model. Right? So you do not
caption these images like an image of a
blonde girl because it already exists in
the model. You caption it by Elizabeth
HH, which is most likely not used in any
of the 10 million images that the model
is trained on. And if you do the
training successfully, then every time
you type an image of Elizabeth sitting
on a chair, you will get an image of
this girl. Sounds kind of easy, right?
Well, it's not because there are the
four main problems. If we are using a
Laura to generate images of your AI
influencer, well, how can you even get
those first 20 images in the first
place, right? It is the creation of a
data set. We are going to cover that in
the next steps.
How to do that actual training process.
Do you need to understand the math or
how does it work? How can you use your
newly trained model? And how to know if
your training has been successful? And
before we get into the data set,
remember that I said you have to caption
these images that you input into the
training model. Well, there are two
types of captions. You can either use
straightforward captions which looks
like this. Elizabeth blue dress outside
sitting on a chair or you can use
descriptive captions and it is an
Elizabeth and amateur photograph
capturing a joyful moment blah blah blah
blah blah. When you are choosing which
captioning style are you going to use
just go to chat GPT Reddit our doesn't
matter and depending on the model that
you are training on you choose which
captioning style are you going to use
because for example if you are training
on stable diffusion image model you want
to use straightforward captions and if
you are training a one 2.2 two model you
want to use a descriptive captions and
there are two ways that you can caption
your data set either you do it manually
so you take each photograph and you
create a text file saying an image of
this girl blah blah blah blah blah and
you describe the image right or in
today's world you can just use AI you
can use joy caption or other AIS like
chat GPT gemini cloth and it will create
the captions for you so now we are
getting into the data set. Problem
number one, getting those first 20
images. Well, there are two methods.
Method number one, which is illegal and
you should never do that, is to train on
a real woman. So, you go to Instagram,
you take some images and you use them as
your training data. So, every time you
then generate an image with your model,
it will look just like her. This is
illegal. This is identity theft. And if
you do not have an explicit consent of
this person, never do that. So the only
option left is to create an AI data set.
How can you do that? Well, the best way
that is used today is to use image edit
models aka Cream. So what you do first
is you create a reference image and then
you use an image edit model like Cream
and you prompt image of this girl
sitting on a chair wearing stuff like
that, right? and you get another image
of the same woman. You see they are
quite the similar and if you are able to
get 20 images like that then you have
the data set complete. If you want to
speed up that process then watch my
previous video where I have created an
air table where you can do just that
using 100 prompts at once. So let's say
the data set is created and now you want
to get to the actual training where
there are many tools that you can use.
The easiest one is fall.ai and the
hardest one to use is a diffusion pipe.
So the fall.ai trainer is pretty
straightforward. You go to this website
and then you just input your training
data. You go to additional settings. You
use synthetic captions and then you hit
train. and then you get your first Laura
model. It is the easiest method, but you
have the least amount of control over
these results. So, I recommend doing
that if you are a complete beginner and
you want to train your first model. But
if you want to get more advanced, I
strongly recommend that you use all of
these other tools. The next tools that
you can use is either an AI toolkit from
Ostris or Musubi Trainer. These tools
have much more control over the results
because you can choose custom settings,
but they still have a graphics
interface. So you can upload those
images here, you can name it here, you
can put the trigger word here. But if
you want to get the best possible
results, then I strongly recommend you
try to set up a diffusion pipe and you
train your model here. It does not have
a graphics interface.
So it means that if we go to diffusion
pipe GitHub, if you install it, you have
to type these commands into the command
line so you can actually run it. I'm
going to be honest with you, I have an
IT background and when I first started
to learn how to use diffusion pipe and
when I wanted to train my own model
using diffusion pipe, it took me three
[__] days before I got my first
successful training run. And it was
three days of pain of putting errors
into JG GPT and it just didn't work
until it worked. The reason why you
should use diffusion pipe is this thing.
You have a complete control over the
training process so you know which
checkpoint to use. Actually, I'm going
to show you the real results I had. And
as you see that there are some steps
during the training process, right? The
only thing that a step means is how many
times did the Laura training tool looked
over on the data set images. The reason
why is it important is that if it does
not look enough times on your data set
images, the model will be undertrained.
So even if you use your keyword of
Elizabeth, it's it sometimes may
generate your girl, but many times it
going to it's going to generate
something completely else, right? But if
it looks too many times on your images,
the model is going to be overtrained and
it's going to look [__] up. So this is
the reason why you can use an eval tool
like this. And you can see exactly when
the training process has reached the
bottom. And if we look here and you see
that around 250 steps, it is where it is
in the bottom. And it is the checkpoint
that you should use. In my next video, I
will try to show you the entire setup of
diffusion pipe with the evaluation tool.
So you can do that training yourself. So
let's assume that you have successfully
trained your Laura model and now you
want to use it. Well, the only thing
that you are going to do is that you are
going to download your newly trained
model. You are going to either download
a workflow that supports Laura models.
For example, if we look here at the
confi screenshot, you see that there is
a load Laura model. So you will just
choose the model that you have
downloaded and you are going to use it
with your keyboard that you have chosen.
So, Elizabeth HH and then you just
generate an image. It's that easy. If it
sounds kind of abstract to you, don't
worry because soon I'm going to create
the most comprehensive Laura training
video that there is. Now, we are getting
to part number 13 and it is prompt
engineering. Even if you have the best
data set and even if you have the best
trained Laura model, if you don't use
good prompts, you are not going to get
good images. The difference between
those three images is in the prompts.
This is the first prompt. This is the
second prompt. And this is the third
prompt. And as you can see, it is a much
better realistic looking image. And
luckily, you don't have to create such
prompts yourself because there are AI.
And if you go to our discord, there is a
channel called free resources. You can
go there and you can choose any prompt
generator that you like. The Google AI
studio opens and you see that you can
just I don't know post this start typing
and the AI model will generate the best
prompts possible because if you look at
the conversation history it is pretty
heavily trained and as you see it fought
for a second and now we are getting
these excellent prompts. So once you
learn the prompt engineering and you
learn all of the previous stuff that we
have covered then you are probably able
to generate good images right but now
you want to create a not safe for work
images because you have to put something
on your only fence right and since now
you exactly know what an image model is
it is very important that the image
model that you are going to be using for
not safe forward images is trained on
porn if it isn't it is not going to
generate consistent high quality
not safe for work images. So who would
create such model right like there is
not a commercial company that is going
to create such highquality poor models
but luckily there is a community of
gooners and community of gooners is on
civitai.com
if you go to that website you see that
there are many models and there are tons
and tons and tons of not safe for work
models so you can choose anything that
you like. Okay, now we have covered all
of the image stuff and now we are
getting to the video stuff. There are
three main methods that you can use to
generate videos of your AI influencers.
You can either use text to video but
there is literally no reason to use this
one because you do not have such control
over the video. It is much better to use
image to video because once you learn to
create a good quality images then the
video is easy because the only thing
that you are going to do is to create an
image that is good-looking and you just
prompt it. You say this girl starts
swaying her hips while brushing her hand
through her hair and that's it. You have
a video generated. There is nothing else
to do. If you want to use local models
to generate imagetovideo videos, you can
use these models. And if you want to use
API models, you can use these models.
These are the most used models in our
community. Also, there is a videotovideo
method where you can literally download
a dancing video from Tik Tok. You can
replace the character in that
environment. They input your Laura model
for better quality and then you get the
same dancing video but with your AI
influencers. The model that is used for
that is called wall animate. And one of
the last things that we are going to
cover is how can you achieve realism. If
you look at my picture, you see that the
skin is quite detailed and it looks very
realistic. If you look on the other AI
influencers like this, you see that the
skin is not detailed and it just does
not look good, right? Well, what are the
methods that you can do to achieve these
results? Well, step number one is don't
aim for perfection because AI
influencers exist already for a while.
So, don't prompt it like 8K, 4K, ultra
realistic, hyper realistic, and stuff
like that.
Instead, use these prompts. Do amateur
photo, heavy HDR glow, deeply crushed
shadows, imperfect skin, so you get more
realistic looking images. Method number
two is a brute force. Look, in the end,
it is just a numbers game. So if you
have a [__] settings, if you have a [__]
model, if you have a [__] prompt, even
then you can get a good image, but you
are going to have to generate 1,000
images and one of them will be good. But
if you got good settings, good prompt
engineering, very well trained Laura
model, then if you generate 10,000
images, probably 500 of them will be
good. So method number two is a brute
force. And method number three that
every AI influencer on Instagram that is
looking very realistic is using is just
a post-processing. You will take your
image, you will put it into Photoshop or
your favorite image editor and you will
like add imperfect skin. You will
distort the contrast. You will just [__]
up the image a little bit so it looks
more realistic. Method number four is
skin detailers. There are many confi
workflows that focus just on that that
they will add the blemishes, they will
add the imperfection on the face of your
AI influencer. And method number five is
that you have to realize that garbage in
equals garbage out. If you have a [__]
data set and [__] prompt, you will get
[__] results. If you create a high
quality data set, you train it very well
and you have very well- created prompts,
then you will get good results. It's
simple as that. So how do you start?
Well, I recommend you join our Discord,
watch the tutorials. Every time you
watch something, try it yourself because
it's not going to be as easy as it
looks. You have to fail many times. You
have to repeat and every time you get
some error message, it doesn't work.
Just use AI. We have chat GPT, we have
Gemini, we have cloud code, it doesn't
matter. Input your error messages into
AI and I promise you that you will learn
much more. So to recap this video, this
is all of the things that we have gone
through and now you have the context of
the AI influencer creation. You know the
basics. You know what to do, what do you
need, how does it work, what is the
process, how to start, how to set up
confi, what models to use, how to
achieve consistent phase, how to do
Laura training from start to end, and
how to use prompt engineering, generate
not safe for work images, generate
videos and stuff like that. If you have
any specific topics that you would like
to see covered in great detail, for
example, the diffusion pipe or Laura
training, write me a comment under this
video and I will create that video. It's
that simple. Don't forget to join our
discord which is completely for free.
There are free resources, for example,
the prompt generator. There are many
confui workflows that you can use
completely for free.
If you have any questions, either write
a comment below this video or shoot me a
DM on Discourse.